research.md, before:

---
title:  "Research"
layout: archive
permalink: /research/
author_profile: true
comments: true
---
## Under Review
1. The Legacies of Civil Wars: Effects of Armed Conflict on Electoral Processes Over Time (with [Giancarlo Visconti](https://www.giancarlovisconti.com/))
2. Civil Society and the Local Dynamics of Peacebuilding

## Research assistant
1. Domestic Lawfare (Cyanne E. Loyle, Pennsylvania State University)
2. Networks of Influence (RIPIL Lab, American University, Susanna Campbell & Jessica M. Braithwaite)
3. Rebel Courts Dataset (Cyanne E. Loyle, Pennsylvania State University)
4. Women’s Activities in Armed Rebellion project (Meredith Loken, University of Amsterdam)
5. Terrorist group proscription (Brian Phillips, University of Essex)
6. Transnational humanitarian medicine in spaces of confinement (Jon Arrizabalaga, Spanish National Research Council)

## Other publications
1. Discovery of speech crimes in Ukraine from open sources, Digital Veritication Unit (under the supervision of Dr. Matthew Gillet), 2023.
2. [Mapping COVID-19: Spain](https://www.politikaspolecnost.cz/en/spain/), Institute for Politics and Society, 2020.
3. [The United States, "Olympic Games" and the future of offensive cyber operations](https://cbap.cz/archiv/4305), Center for Security Analysis and Prevention (CBAP), 2019.
4. [Humanitaran Narratives in Northeastern Nigeria](https://somosprismauc3m.wordpress.com/2019/12/01/narrativas-humanitarias-en-el-noreste-de-nigeria/), PRISMA UC3M, 2019.
5. [Multidimensional Peacekeeping: A New Tool for Democracy](https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~rics/multidimensional-peacekeeping-a-new-tool-for-democracy/), Berkeley Review of International Conflict and Security, 2019.
6. [Mali: Lessons of Culture and Humility](https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~rics/mali-lessons-of-culture-and-humility/), Berkeley Review of International Conflict and Security, 2019.
7. [Maritime Conflicts in Southeast Asia: A Case for Regionalism](https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~rics/maritime-conflicts-in-southeast-asia-a-case-for-regionalism/), Berkeley Review of International Conflict and Security, 2018.
8. [A Veil Over Iran's Nuclear Deal](https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~rics/a-veil-over-irans-nuclear-deal/), Berkeley Review of International Conflict and Security, 2018.

Commit message:

Add new research topic on UN Human Rights Council
Added a new research topic on human rights analysis.

research.md, after:

---
title:  "Research"
layout: archive
permalink: /research/
author_profile: true
comments: true
---
## Under Review
1. The Legacies of Civil Wars: Effects of Armed Conflict on Electoral Processes Over Time (with [Giancarlo Visconti](https://www.giancarlovisconti.com/))
2. Civil Society and the Local Dynamics of Peacebuilding
3. Human Rights Consolidation or Fragmentation? A Network Analysis of Resolution Sponsorship in the UN Human Rights Council (with [Jared Edgerton](https://jaredfedgerton.net/) and [Gino Pauselli](http://ginopauselli.com/))

## Research assistant
1. Domestic Lawfare (Cyanne E. Loyle, Pennsylvania State University)
2. Networks of Influence (RIPIL Lab, American University, Susanna Campbell & Jessica M. Braithwaite)
3. Rebel Courts Dataset (Cyanne E. Loyle, Pennsylvania State University)
4. Women’s Activities in Armed Rebellion project (Meredith Loken, University of Amsterdam)
5. Terrorist group proscription (Brian Phillips, University of Essex)
6. Transnational humanitarian medicine in spaces of confinement (Jon Arrizabalaga, Spanish National Research Council)

## Other publications
1. Discovery of speech crimes in Ukraine from open sources, Digital Veritication Unit (under the supervision of Dr. Matthew Gillet), 2023.
2. [Mapping COVID-19: Spain](https://www.politikaspolecnost.cz/en/spain/), Institute for Politics and Society, 2020.
3. [The United States, "Olympic Games" and the future of offensive cyber operations](https://cbap.cz/archiv/4305), Center for Security Analysis and Prevention (CBAP), 2019.
4. [Humanitaran Narratives in Northeastern Nigeria](https://somosprismauc3m.wordpress.com/2019/12/01/narrativas-humanitarias-en-el-noreste-de-nigeria/), PRISMA UC3M, 2019.
5. [Multidimensional Peacekeeping: A New Tool for Democracy](https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~rics/multidimensional-peacekeeping-a-new-tool-for-democracy/), Berkeley Review of International Conflict and Security, 2019.
6. [Mali: Lessons of Culture and Humility](https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~rics/mali-lessons-of-culture-and-humility/), Berkeley Review of International Conflict and Security, 2019.
7. [Maritime Conflicts in Southeast Asia: A Case for Regionalism](https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~rics/maritime-conflicts-in-southeast-asia-a-case-for-regionalism/), Berkeley Review of International Conflict and Security, 2018.
8. [A Veil Over Iran's Nuclear Deal](https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~rics/a-veil-over-irans-nuclear-deal/), Berkeley Review of International Conflict and Security, 2018.
